[EDU-3235] refactor: change in to file cli flags (#438)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/devtools/cli/azion-cli-alpha/rules-engine/rules-engine.mdx

### Optional flags

#### file

> The `--file` flag specifies the path to a JSON file containing the attributes of the rule that will be updated. You can use `-` to read from stdin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--file` flag specifies the path to a JSON file containing the attributes of the rule that'll be updated. You can use `-` to read from stdin.
```
